[m][m][m]
// rich presence by kdecks
Epic Nippon Bangers
A new set was published by @{AUTHOR_NAME}
Maybe your emulator is/was unstable
Suidoken
Draining the community's energy.
If you continue to have problems, try blowing inside the ROM.
Nobody actually wants to gas the softcore players
Woa dude, just saw you X. Congrats, you're a legend
I try and try but it does not jump!
Fuck this community. You're all sociopaths
@achievement-news
nsfw-crazydesertbusadinoparty97
help-me-elmo
hoff-boxic
club-dosminigameiros
you used my copyright and changed directly...
Try verify stable the emulator. It might good, yes?
v2 wen
v3 wen
v4 wen
Achievement of the Weak
Of course I dump my own ROMs.
I have an uncle that works for ps2wen
0xb00bface
0xdeadb00b
0xdeadface
0xdeadbeef
0xb00bbeef
0xbeefface
PSXCheevos
Wow! What a weather!
im not a nobkey
Inspecting Memory in Hardcore Mode
Good night here
Rated M for Mara
No Fun Allowed
White name trick
Press triangle
Freeeee Weeeeeeeeed ! Yea !
Merge Pokemon
Merge Keltron with a brick wall
I have never been so happy to see so many penises
Jamiagos
The Night of 1000 kdecks
Juice Massacre
Don't say the J Word
The Gex Massacre
Shika, the best mod ever
RATools is for RA Tools
Uchia pet
Fuck You and Your Pokemon
Admin Edit
bad bot
nointro,rapatches
RetroAchievements Stimulus Package
Can I ask? Why achievements? What purpose? What do you earn?
Did a RetroArch developer shoot your parents or something?
DENG can't read.
can't believe the only way this event could end is the host getting banned
Why unwanted? I see only good people there
I was left at the doorstep of RA in a picnic basket
It's decided via cock fight
Free points
The friends we made along the way
but my name is deng so my opinion doesn't matter
It's multi-region time!
i wish shinx would get his shit together and just dev a set
Yes, also if you play in softcore your wife/girlfriend will leave you
You're talking like Scratch is a drug Which it probably is
Damageless Dan
rebel ass
I don't cry blood, I extend the gore
RA is for people who can't let go of the past
I wish Shinx would get dev already so then there's nothing for me to make fun of
@televandalist @KickMeElmo you guys really know how to fuck
No. There is Game Boy at home.
This game makes me want to eat balls
OLD MAN YELLS AT RESCORES
I've got a pointer for you right here, pal.
You were like 90% there and now you've replaced what you had with a bag of shit.
All my code reviewers are dead.
Unlicensed mascot
Do we need to take him out back and shoot him?
Get out of here, Maddie. We wanna talk about dicks.
If you call Jamiras an idiot, you're probably the idiot.
MEDAL OF HONOR UNDERGROUND
Id like to request a manual unlock on the grounds that its broken and I am trying
wtf ackman
Don't worry, we're all disappointed in our countries here
:rip:
and I hate whiteys which refuse to be green
I took a nap last week, can I get a manual unlock for this?
uwu
Did somebody say RA chan? UwU
RAChan is canon
Cheevo has no hands
Imagine having a curse where you can't make the slightest mention of dicks without it getting memed.
Sometimes you just want to fondle your own junk. It's understandable.
You misunderstand. We just want to have the roms and get achievements for sitting in a dark room looking at them for long periods of time.
Most of mine are about dicks for some reason
Did you just call your mum thicc
When is this getting a set
voiceofautism
kdicks
that was my dream to kill them all
if you think about it every achievement is missable if you die in real life
Kraid kinda thicc
Free Nitro
Can I add the ~Shit~ tag to everything I don't like?
You have permission to flog me publicly if Size Matters isn't out this year.
Neat. I have no use for this.
That was pingu speeds of set demotion.
Pingu and dropping games. Name a more iconic duo.
they don't know I make achievements
WILL DEV FOR BOOZE

First of all, what the fuck I not here?
I remember I was in this server before,
what the fuck i not here and I search it again from internet?
Next one, ok. I found this place.
I just want ask one little thing.
what the fuck my GBA have white screen?!
And it's IMPOSSIBLE to fix.
I google it of course, need click option, emulator...
but here NO EMULATOR option, and how to fix this shit then?!
Just want ask here, but oh no, I CAN'T.
I need FUCKING VERIFY by mobile number. AWESOME.
Ok, try contact every mod and I can't. selfish bitches.
Ok, finally I done for you idiots.
NOW TELL HOW FIX THIS FUCKING WHITE SCREEN.

i'd like to nominate pinguupinguu because he hasn't burned my house down yet this month
Your move, @Jamiras

I chewed gum for too long and now it's all over my lips and my chest hair
FML
all over my laptop too omg
You canucklehead
gum is evil
how does that even happen
^
it loses its cheweyness
and becomes goopy

I'm not good at enlish
Dad Joke Extraordinaire
White Warrior
No Shadowrun No Fun
I have indirect evidence
Featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry Series

Users on the general chat are thinking you died in a nuclear explosion in Africa.

Untouchable is for a retard players
What? That's easy.

I dont even no what purisuteshon means
iv never had alt count that I dont hav
why would I hav a alt count that hasn't singed on in over a year
it doesnt mak since at all im tirud of being accoosed of having a alt count that I dont hav
ive never even hurd of a purisuteshon3
read the hole thing
so then lets talk about it then
there werking as intendid

JAM reacted with :thumbsdown:
I read about furry dicks in retroachievements and I did not step in

who is the what is the parentheses barrel, be reproduced product also victim!
and good in the dark this in the mirror we were did.

StarFoXXX Three Times the Fox Three Times the Fun
In my village every boy age four must go through 18 months of vigorous training to become Tetris champ.
LEGO, Set a Watchman [m]
invalidate invalidate invalidate
FUCK YOU DENG YOU RUINED MY LIFE I HOPE YOU DIE
N A Z I M O D S
