Lucia	(If Chris/Geddoe is FC)
1) Greetings I'm Lucia, the Karaya Chief. Best regards.
2) Leader You are the leader of this group. I think you know that you have heavy responsibilities.
3) Grasslands There are different people in the Grasslands Clans. Some are difficult. Get used to them.

Ace	(If Geddoe is FC)
1) Good job today Commander, good job today. This is okay, but do your job, too.
2) Restaurant Can't you do something about that restaurant?  The food is alright, but the amount...
3) At a bath I took a bath with Joker and Jacques, but we ended up bickering with each other. These guys are such a pain!
4) Restaurant Mamie gave me a cold glance... Did I do something wrong?
5) Thinking aloud I guess this kind of castle is alright. Though I won't be able to stay forever.

Gau (If Geddoe is FC)
1) There are reasons I'm fighting with you, but after this war let's fight a duel. Don't run away.
2) About posts What are 'posts'? I'm not complaining, of course.
3) Another message Don't think that the Kobolds are all like the warehouse keeper. Of course, there are many people like that.
4) A message I owe my life to Duke. I'm helping you because he ordered it. Remember that.

Beecham	(If Geddoe/Chris is FC)
1) Greetings I'm Beecham, the assistant of the Karaya Clan Chief, Lucia. I'm old, but have seen service. [Successor], I'll always standby.
2) Feelings If I give priority to individual feelings, I can't forgive the Zexen Knights. After the war, I'll fight against them. I have to.
3) For recovery The only home to the Karayans is the meadows of Grassland. The recovery of the clan is my strong wish.
4) Prosperity The castle is getting settled. The prosperity of the castle means the prosperity of Grassland. It's worth the work.
5) To everybody The people of Karaya do not fear war. Let's fight powerfully and bravely for all the people of Grassland.

Fred	(If Geddoe?Chris? are FC)
1) Sword Your swordcraft is great. No wonder they say 'live and learn.' I'd like to have a game, but I'll wait until the war ends.
2) Eternal life? What is it like to live the eternal life that a true rune brings? You look sad, but maybe it's just my imagination.

Fubar	(If Chris/Geddoe is FC)
4) From Fubar Take care of Hugo. Letter writer: Sergeant Joe
5) From Fubar Sorry, but I can only take on Hugo. Letter writer: Sergeant Joe

Roland	(If Chris is FC)
1) Dear Chris The power of the True Fire Rune is strong. We will always support you, Chris. Never forget: the Knights of Zexen are always with you.
2) The scenery of the  lake near this castle is beautiful. I know you're busy but why don't you take a walk sometime?
3) About Gadget Z But I don't know how it works. I'm impressed with the high techniques of human beings.

Leo	(If Chris is FC)
2) Defensive Gear Dominic is a skilled worker. He adjusted my defensive gear, and it's back in good condition. It's nice to have these people around.

Percival (If Chris is FC)
1) Greetings again Chris, it's wonderful that you've become 'Flame Champion.' The knights will always follow you.
2) Long ride Chris-- Next time, let's take a long horse ride. I'll show you how good I am.
3) Brass Castle I can only relax at Brass Castle, although [Budehec] Castle is quite unique and fun. 
4) Future knights Melville and Elliot asked me to train them. It's quite nice training future knights, when you have time.
5) Ranch Ranches are good places for equitation. Let's see who's better, for a change.

Queen	(If Geddoe is FC)
1) Hi Hi. You're doing something that doesn't suit you. Being a leader of so many people.
2) Alright? Strange people are gathering at this castle. But I won't complain, since you sent them.
3) About Mel Mel, who has a doll, was teasing me. I taught her a lesson. These days, young people don't have manners.
4) It must be tough to be a leader. Though I might not understand, when you feel like it, I'll always listen.
5) Let's have fun! Lately you're more reticent. Everybody's worried. Let's have a drink. Ace will treat us.

Duke	(If Geddoe is FC)
1) I'll help you So, you're the 'Flame Champion.' I'll lend you some of my strength, but I don't like cozy relationships.
2) Not like you It doesn't suit you, asking everybody's opinion. I guess someone planted the idea in your head.
3) Manners Elaine said guys in your troop pick on her. Teach them some manners.
4) Our troop The guys in our troop are stimulated at this castle. They are improving their skills with the tutor. They should be.
5) Since you've borne the true rune, you've become as strong as me. After the war, let's see who's stronger.

Nicolas	(If Geddoe is FC)
1) Excuse me Duke might be aggressive. I guess it's a bother, but I hope you can cope with him. Alright?
2) Our members Just like your unit, our members are tough guys. They're difficult to cope with, but please try.
3) Back home After the war, I guess we'll go back to our previous lives. Your team and my team will never have cozy ties.

Belle	(If Chris or Geddoe is FC)
1) Pay for repairs Gadget Z was destroyed again, and I need money to repair it. Could you pay for me? I don't have money now.
2) Request for food At that restaurant they don't serve cutlet bowls. Could you ask them to serve more food?. 
3) I'd like to go to a party with Hugo. I don't like parties that Joker attends. His breath reeks of alcohol.
4) I was with Mel in a bath, and she had a doll with her. Funny girl.
5) That girl Aila was talking friendly with Hugo. Maybe it's just because they're from the same village.

Jimba	(If Geddoe is FC)
1) It's selfish to say this, but I'm glad that you inherited his rune.

Louis	(If Chris FC)
1) Greetings Nice to meet you.  I'm glad that Chris  is Flame Champion.
2) About runes The True Fire Rune  suits Chris!  It's great!
3) Kidd is a little strange. I guess he's the same age as I am. Don't you wonder how he was brought up? Maybe I'm nosy.

Gordon	(If Chris is FC)
1) Need a change? You look tired these days, so how about some coffee? There's a nice place  near...
2) A picnic? It's sad to see a lady like you fighting all the time. How about a picnic?
3) Invitation Nice weather lately. We should go to the theater together. There's a nice play at Vinay del Zexay.
4) The bouquet Did you receive the bouquet I sent you? If you don't like it, please throw it in the lake.
5) Admired Recently, I saw you walking under the moonlight after midnight. The word 'beautiful' was meant for you. Would you like to dine with me?

Geddoe
2) No title Don't take it  too seriously.

Borus	(If Chris is FC)
1) It's funny It's funny writing to you, Chris. Today I just wanted to  say hello.
2) My family If my family asks about me, tell them I'm fine. Really.
3) Ranch Have you been to the ranch? A girl who knows a lot about horses runs it. She seems to be interested in Chris's horse.
4) A suggestion Maybe I'm not the person to say this, but it's a pity what happened at the villages of Karaya and Alma Kinan. But don't blame yourself too much.
5) How about wine? I've got great wine. How about drinking some with the people at the castle? Everybody would love to see you, Chris.