108 Stars Bonus
10.  108 Stars of Destiny Bonus

Just like in the previous Suikoden games, you get a bonus if you were able to
recruit all possible 108 Stars of Destiny.  To get the bonus, you have to
fulfill the following requirements:

-Only Yun and Jimba die
-Recruit all possible 104 Stars before the final boss battle

Before the final boss battle in chapter 5, you can make sure you've met these
requirements by checking the Tablet of Stars.  If the count says 108/108 and
only Yun and Jimba's names are in red, then you'll get the bonus.  Luc, Sarah,
Yuber, and Albert are the final 4 stars and are added automatically if you had
the other 104 stars already.

After the 108 Stars of Destiny roll call and the final still picture of your
Flame Champion is shown, the screen will go dark for a little while then you'll
be taken back to the Trinity Site.  The sixth flame will be lit which is Luc's.
You will then be able to play through the major events of the game but from his
perspective.  This POV is very story heavy and short-it shouldn't take you much
more than an hour to complete it.  Because it's very straightforward about what
you need to do, I'll only add a few notes:

-Make use of Luc's Pale Gate spell, Open Gate, to get through the dungeon
areas.  With his high grade in that magic this spell causes instant death
almost all the time on your enemies.

-Sarah has an S in Pale Gate magic but has a Flowing Rune permanently attached
to her forehead.  Go figure.

-When you're given the option on how to deal with the villager in Karaya, I
haven't noticed any differences in the rest of the scenario depending on what
choice you make.

-During the Caleria section when you're waiting for Albert, just kill time by
talking to everyone, sharpening Yuber's weapon, and upgrading your skills.  He
seems to show up quicker at the room on the 2nd floor of the inn if you
actually walk around doing stuff rather than just idling.

-Make sure you save after the Brass Castle event involving Hugo losing his True
Rune.  You can consult the duel guide if you have problems with the duel at the
Site Ruins.

-Luc's ending takes place after the credits roll so you'll have to wait through
them to see it.  I believe his ending picture is a scene from the past and not
the present or future.


