   Part II: The Walkthrough
      1. Introduction
      2. City Hall
      3. The Jake
      4. Chen Lu's
      5. The Date
      6. The Parchment
      7. Fireworks
      8. Kidnapped
      9. The Secret Meeting
     10. The Resevoir
     11. Dragon's Den
     12. Karyn's Fate
     13. Rise of the Dragon

3. The Jake
   If you have your handgun with you, you'll have to give it to the woman in
the booth before entering the Pleasure Dome.  DO NOT give her the gun if you
don't have the FISTO candybar with you.  Otherwise you will not get your gun
back.  Assuming you have the candybar, go ahead and check your weapon, and then
Slen (the thug) will ask if you have anything else for them.  Give him the
FISTO bar.  In exchange he'll give you a claim check ticket so you can get your
gun back when you leave.  From now on you won't have to bribe him...you only
have to do that once.

   If you want to enter the Pleasure Dome before getting the candybar, keep
your gun at your apartment.  If you leave it on the street it will get stolen,
and you will not be able to enter the Pleasure Dome with any guns.  Once inside
you will notice three people sitting at a table, playing cards.  Might as well
start here, someone is bound to know where to find "The Jake."

   Darcelle, the woman (posing as a man...uh, posing as a woman) playing cards
is the only one of the three who seems to be very helpfull, but she hasn't
seen "The Jake."  She does suggest that you check the bar as she seems
to think that someone at the bar will be able to help.

   If you want, before you go to the bar, you can go off to the left to see
the strip show, and to meet a pretty unsavery character.  After that it's time
to head to the bar.  If you talk to the stoner kid, Casey Jones, he tells you
that he and "The Jake" are good friends...but he can't quite remember what he
looks like.  Well, so much for his help.  Talk to the hooker, Candi, and she
suggests that you talk to Mujalambo the bartender.

   When you talk to Candi, remember to stay faithfull to Karyn.  Yes, Candi is
a prostitute, and yes you can hook up with her, but NO, it's NOT a good idea!
When you talk to Mujalambo, he seems mighty suspicious of you.  Just like
these people to hold a grudge against ex-cops.  Anyway, If you press him hard
enough he'll reveal that if you want to talk to "The Jake," you should talk to
the man in the green coat at the end of the bar.

   It is very important that you make the right choices in this conversation.
You may wish to save your game before talking to this man, because if you say
the wrong things you can eliminate any chance of winning the game.  There is
more than one way to complete this task successfully, but be carefull. When the
guy in the green coat asks for proof, give him the photo of Chandi.

   If you can't seem to get past this conversation, try this sequence.

   1. I'm Looking for "The Jake."
   2. A friend of his is in trouble.
   3. Well now he's got LOTS minus one...
   2. One of your friends has had some trouble... Chandra Vincenzi.
   1. I'm afraid that she's dead.

   After he tells you to leave, show him the photo as proof and he'll take you
back to his office to talk.  Again, be very carefull what you say/ask in this
conversatiion.  The more information you can learn the better.

   I recommend the following sequence.

   2. Who is Chen?
   3. You think Chandra would want you covering this guy's ass?
   3. I don't know...but someone does.  Why don't you help me out?
   4. What's this guy's name and address?
   
   If you did this correctly, you'll find out that this guy named Chen lives
over at 554 Wallaby Street #798.  This location will now be available on your
Em-way map.  If it hasn't happened yet, then any minute now (assuming you're
making pretty good time) you will see a Meanwhile sequence in which you learn
that Johnny Qwong and his warehouse lab technicians are working to finish their
production quota in three days.  What on Earth could they be manufacturing so
much drugs for?  And isn't the prophecy supposed to come true in three days?


4. Chen Lu's

   Head on over to Chen Lu's (that last name should sound familiar, remember
in the introduction when Chandi thanked "Lu" for giving her the patch!)  When
you get there you'll have your first encounter with The Snake, the man with the
eye-patch that you see in the hall.  When you get to Chen's apartment, you find
that he is dying.  He has many patches on his skin and you watch as he mutates
into a twisted, demonic, but dead form.

   After this grotesque scene, you'll have to be quick.  The cops have detected
your presence and you really don't want to spend the night in jail do you?  Not
if you want to meet Karen at her place later for a date.  My suggestion is to
play it as safe as possible.  Remove Chen Lu's ID Card from his vidphone and
go back to the Em-way.  Loop back around and take the it back to Chen Lu's.

   You'll see that the police have aready come and gone.  Use Chen's ID card to
get inside.If you forget to take Chen Lu's ID Card with you when you return to
the Em-way, then you can use one of your bombs to get back inside.  If you have
to use a bomb however, the police will be called again.  If you are caught by
the police you will be forced to spend the night in jail.  Once there, head
back to the vidphone and watch the last message.  It's from someone named Deng
Hwang, and he looks (and sounds) suspiciously like Bahumat.  Also notice that
the phone number, social security number, and gun permit number end in 0772.

   Next go ahead and step into the bathroom straight ahead.  There you'll find
one of the patches of the drug that killed Chandi.  Next, head to the bedroom
and examine the dragon statue.  Something seems odd about the eyes, try
clicking on them.  Wow!  The statue sinks down revealing a hidden safe!  It has
a four digit combination lock.  Plug in 0772 and take the contents consisting
of a parchment of Chinese writing, and a FISTO bar.


5. The Date

   It should be about time for your date with Karyn, so go ahead and head on
over to her place.  If you're a little early just use the inventory to skip
ahead in time.  You've already accomplished everything for today, and some time
with Karyn is just what you need.

   NOTE:  Part of this scene was removed from the Sega CD version of this game.
          For those of you who do not have access to the DOS version, the
          sceneraio is described below.

   1. Blade meets Karyn at the door.
   2. He proposes a toast at the restaraunt.
   *Sega CD version end's scene*
   3. Shows Blade french kissing Karyn and thinking about how stupid he was
      to almost blow his relationship with her.
   4. All she's thinking about is "He would have to order the liver and onion
      special."
   5. Blade (shirt off) leans over Karyn on the couch and thinks "I won't be
      sleeping on the couch tonight!"
   6. Blade and Karen sleep together.
   7. Blade wakes up and says he has to leave to get an early start on a case.
   8. Karen: "I love you, Blade."
   9. Blade: "I...uh...er...I mean, yeah me too."


6. The Parchment

   After your date, you are in your own apartment again.  If you didn't give
Karyn the flowers or accept the date, you should just skip the rest of the day,
get some sleep, and start fresh the next day.  The first order of business
is to go to City Hall again.  Remember Chang Li?  The old Chinese man?
He's just the person to translate the Chinese parchment for you.  He also has
quite of bit to offer you so see him at once.

   Well, it seems that you ARE the one from the prophecy.  It makes you really
want to know if the bum's description of this hero was accurate!  Hmm, could
it be a coinsidence that a "knife" is a type of "blade?"  Note that the date of
August 3rd corresponds to the time the "production quota" is supposed to be
completed at the warehouse.

  Take the four items from Chang and go ahead and equip the bullet-proof vest.
You will have to take off your coat for a second to put the vest on underneath
it.  You can go ahead and examine all of the other items.  The fortune cookie
will come in handy later, but the other two are merely to serve as good luck
charms.  You can give the Rock of Life to Karyn, at least she'll get a use out
of it.  From now on the reservoir will be available on your Em-way map.

   Next head to see Karyn at City Hall.  You can try to see the mayor again but
he'll be busy.  Talk to Karyn first.  Have her take a look at the drug patch
and at Chen Lu's ID Card.  She will be able to provide you with an analyzation
of the drug patch tomorrow, but the ID Card instantly brings up information on
Johnny Qwong and "The Snake".  Take a look at the information for Johnny Qwong
and you'll find out his address, which will now be available on your Em-way
map.


7. Fireworks

   For now, don't bother with the reservoir.  When it's time to go there,
you'll know it.  Take the Em-way to the Pleasure Dome.  It looks as if The Jake
needs to talk to you.  When he askes if you have anything you want to show him,
give him the FISTO bar.  If you don't give him the FISTO bar then he won't
leave a vid-phone message on your machine later, and you will not have access
to the hidden arcade sequence.

   Next, it's time to pay Johnny Qwong a visit.  There's no way to get into his
house but it's easy to get into the sewers.  Just be carefull, if you stay down
there too long you'll be bitten by rats.  If you get bitten twice you're dead.
If you know what you're doing you shouldn't get bitten, but if you do, that's
what the First-Aid kit is for.  If you get bitten once, use the kit and you can
be bitten again without dying.

   Once you enter the sewer you'll see a vidphone maintainence access panel.
Of course, it just happens to be locked.  Use one of your bombs to get inside
it and pull out your wire tester.  It's time to tap Johnny Qwong's vidphone.
But be carefull.  Watch the meters on the top, DO NOT clamp any of the plugs
to the vidphone lines unless the meters are in the green at the time.  The red
and blue (positive and negative) wires are to be plugged in by the base of the
meters, attached to the red and blue wires running down respectively.

   As you clamp each wire, make sure that you also keep a close eye on the
wire tester itself.  It has a red light and a green light on it.  If the 
light is green then you have plugged it in the right place.  If the light is
flashing red, hurry and remove the wire before you get electricuted.  Don't
try to clamp a wire when the meters are in the red  or you will fried in an
instant.

   After both the red and blue wires are placed, it's time to clamp the yellow
ground wire into place.  Notice that there are 8 yellow chambers running down
the length of the unit?  These 8 are divided into two sections of four.  Clip
the ground wire on the second chamber from the bottom.  If you clipped it in,
the right spot Blade will mention that all he has to do now is wait.  If you
can't figure it out, save the game and keep trying until you get it.  This is
one of the harder puzzles in the game just figuring out where the yellow clamp
goes.

   Close the panel and return to your apartment.  It looks like we've inter-
cepted a message from Deng Hwang himself with orders for Qwong to supervise at
the warehouse.  Sounds like it's about time we headed back over to the
warehouse for a little action huh?  Remember the electrical panel to the left
of the window?  Use one of your bombs there and be prepared for the Bang!


8. Kidnapped

   After the fireworks are over, return to your own apartment to recieve
another intercepted message from Deng Hwang to Johnny Qwong.  Uh oh, looks like
your little fireworks show has gotten Johnny into some trouble.  Soon enough
you'll notice yet another Meanwhile scenario.  Now you know just the kind of
person you're dealing with.  Hwang really IS evil!  And it looks like he's out
to do whatever he can to keep you out of the way.  But for tonight, there's
nothing else you can do.  Get some sleep.

   Go over to City Hall when you wake up and speak to Karyn.  She'll have the
lab report ready in the form of a videotape which some very informative, if
not haunting, footage.  When she asks if there's anything else, have her run
an information trace on Deng Hwang.  It turns out that the trace isn't going
to be simple, but run it anyway.  After learning what you can take the tape
and leave the room.

   With the tape in your possession, it's time to talk to the mayor.  Be very
carefull what you say to the mayor or you could wind up in jail.  I recommend
the following sequence.

   3. You should show a little more courtesy to someone who has information
      that could cost you the next election!
   3. I'll tell you... but I think it's time to re-negotiate our deal.
   2. Well, since you put it that way, I don't see how I can refuse.
   *hand the tape to the mayor*
   3. No effin' way!  I'm finished with this crap!  Show me the door!

   If you did this correctly you will recieve the LAPD security card which you
can use to get into the armoury.  Go into the Police Headquarters regardless of
Jenni's protest, and hand the guard your security clearance.  Go off to the
armoury (the hall leading to the right) where you can equip yourself with a
much better gun.

   With this new gun, head back to your apartment and skip through some time.
There's nothing you can do at the moment.  In a few hours time you'll see
another Meanwhile sequence in which Karyn is kidnapped!  You'll find a message
from Deng Hwang addressed personally to you in your vidphone.
   
   At this moment there is still nothing you can do unfortunatey.  Go ahead
and skip through some more time and get some sleep.  If you've been following
this guide then you've been making good time.  Go ahead skip this whole day
and get some sleep.  You'll have a big day tomorrow on August 4.


9. The Secret Meeting

   When you wake up on the 4th, check your vidphone messages.  If you gave the
candybar to The Jake then you'll have a message from him now.  If you didn't
give him the candybar, simply skip time until Deng Hwang calls units to the
Resevoir.  Then jump ahead to section 6 in this walkthrough.

   The Jake seems a bit disturbed, but he asks you to meet at the warehouse at
8:30.  Go ahead and go to the warehouse now, and skip time until 8:30.  Save
your game before you leave.
   
ARCADE SEQUENCE - The Fight with Snake

   NOTE: The DOS version will automaticly allow you to win the arcade
         sequences when you die five times.  The Sega CD version does
         not have this option, but both have infinate continues so as
         long as you saved your game before-hand you should be alright.

   Jump to the right off the platform you start on.  If you land in the oil
you die.  So be carefull.  Quickly duck and shoot to get rid of the crouching
guard, then take out the other two guards while ducking to avoid their shots.
Crawl underneath the fog and quickly shoot the quards in front of you.  Then
quickly jump over the hole in the ground.  Jump both up and over to avoid
falling into the hole.

   Walk under the lamp only right after the red beam is done shining.  Then
take out the awaiting guards.  Slip under the fog and the red beam when you
can.  You may have to practice your timing.  Then jump over the next hole and
walk to the right, crawling underneath the electrical field where The Snake
will make his appearance.

   The best technique to beating Snake is to fight hand to hand.  Get off as
many shots as you can at first and when he comes across the hole in the
ground, make sure you're standing right next to where he'll land...as soon as
he drops down keep attacking and you'll beat him with your gun while can't
get a shot off.

   If you only have the handgun, then expect all the enemies to be harder to
defeat.  The automatic rifle will allow you to kill most of the guards in one
shot.  After defeating Snake, you'll recieve Snake's ID Card which you can use
to sneak into Deng Hwang's Headquarters.  This is the easiest way in, but I
recommend detouring to the reservoir just to experience all the Arcade
sequences in the game.

   You can take the Em-way straight to Deng Hwang's if you want.  Just use
Snake's ID Card to get past security.  If you choose this option, skip to
section 11 in this walkthrough.


10. The Reservoir

ARCADE SEQUENCE - The Reservoir

   Unlike the other arcade sequences, you will only have one chance at this
one.  Make it count.  It's a very good idea to save just before you go to the
Reservoir.  As soon as you get there go into your inventory and equip your
most powerfull gun.  If you only have the handgun, then I sincerely wish you
luck.  You'll need it!

   You'll find yourself attacked very quickly.  There are five enemies you
need to take out.  If you're wearing the bullet-proof vest you'll be able to
withstand more hits, but your still going to have to get out there and kick
some ass.  Below are the locations of the five enemies you need to kill.

   1. behind the truck to the left
   2. in the window just past the first enemy
   3. on the roof
   4. behind the hovercar
   5. to the right of the hovercar behind a rock

   The stakes are very simple.  Win, and you can steal the hovercar.  Lose, and
not only do you die, but so does the entire population of Los Angeles.  For
everyone's sake I hope you win.  You can fly the hovercar to most of the city,
but time is short.  If you haven't seen the next Meanwhile sequence yet, you
will very soon.  Karyn tries to struggle with the guards, and it looks as if
Hwang plans to kill you if you try to rescue her.  Save your game and take the
car directly to Hwang's headquarters.


11. Dragon's Den

   When you land on the roof take a deep breath and be prepared.  For the rest
of the game you will have to act extremely quick.  The best advice I can offer
is to save often.  But it's a good idea to save in a seprate file than the one
you have saved on so far.  The Sega CD allows you to save up to three games so
take advantage.

Note: If you took the Em-Way to Hwang's, you will arrive at the security gate
      rather than the roof.  Either way, once you enter the building you will
      be in the same room as you would have had you took the hovercar.

   When you take the elevator down, your next goal is to break into the
security room.  By far the most appealing way to get by the receptionist is to
spray her with Napent.  This is one of the best scenes in the Sega CD version
of the game, and unfortunately it is entirely absent in the DOS version of the
game.  If you're playing the DOS version, you should have no problem talking
your way into the room, but you better hurry and get inside before she double-
checks your story!

   When you get inside, go straight to the control panel and lock the break
room!  The receptionist won't be fooled long and you need to keep the guards at
bay as long as you can.  Next make sure the interrogation room and the 
janitor's closet are both unlocked.  Your next step is to shut down the
electronic gate that you need in order to get past the room with the
receptionist.  In order to do that you're going to have to shut down the
security feature first.

   Click the Security switch to off, you'll have to insert a card or punch in
the manual override.  You can try any of the ID Cards you have, but you won't
have the proper clearance so you're going to have to do this the hard way.
Notice the colored buttons at the bottom of the panel?  Now's the time to
read your fortune cookie.  The letters on the cookie's note correspond to the
color of the buttons in the order you need to press them.

   RYP-YWP-YRPWRY-PBW

   This translates to: 1. Red
                       2. Yellow
                       3. Purple
                       4. Yellow
                       5. White
                       6. Purple
                       7. Yellow
                       8. Red
                       9. Purple
                      10. White
                      11. Red
                      12. Yellow
                      13. Purple
                      14. Blue
                      15. White

   After entering this sequence of buttons, shut down the gate and get out of
there as fast as you can.  Hurry, the guards will be on your tale
for the rest of the game.


12. Karyn's Fate

   As soon as your done explaining to the receptionist, head down the hall.
Take the first door on your right, this will be the janitor's closet.  Quickly
open the top and bottom panels on the circuit box.  Flip the switch to the left
to shut off the current, and then take the screwdriver from the sink.  Use it
to remove the wires from the lower box.

   Hurry on out of this room, and head to the next one.  Here you'll find
Karyn!  She has three plugs coming out of her neck, and precious few seconds
to live.  Keep on your toes pal, this is getting serious.  Place the wires
across her body, then remove the three plugs as quickly as you can.  If you
can't save her, you can still win the game so hurry on out of here to confront
Bahumat.  You may wish to save the game before rescuing Karyn so that you can
compare the endings.


13. Rise of the Dragon

ARCADE SECUENCE - The Final Battle

   This arcade sequence controls very like the fight with snake, but as you'd
expect, it's a bit harder to get through.  Once again, if you're playing the
DOS version you will be able to go ahead and win if you die five times.

   After the shocking introduction, walk to the right and shoot the three
guards, jump straight up and shoot the red switch to shut of the flames.  Then
continue to the right and up the stairs.  Take out the guards and continue
until you come to the end of the raised platform.  This is the hard part, first
drop down to the lower platform.  Then duck and shoot the guard before he
shoots you.  Duck, and crawl underneath the flames.

   The next jump is a big one, get as close to the edge as you can without
falling in and jump both up and to the right.  You should just barely make it
to the other side in time for another similarly difficult jump.  Take out the
guard and shut off the flames the same way you did the first ones.  Continue
to the right.

   Quickly cross the bridge and take out all the guards before they can do too
much damage to you.  Continue across, shoot the next guard and then jump across
to the other platform.  Climb the golden stairs and prepare to face Bahumat!

The strategy for beating Bahumat is pretty easy.  Stay at a distance, his tail
will easily defeat you in close range combat.  Limit him to his fireballs and
shoot as often as you can with your gun.  If you only have the handgun then
you should probably try to avoid his fireballs, but regardless, make sure
standing up straight on the same platform as Bahumat when you shoot.  This will
ensure that each shot hits him sqaure in the chest, resulting in the most
damage.

   After he's defeated, watch the epilogue, followed by the credits.  You have
successfully beaten the game.  Congratulations.

   NOTE: The ending will be slightly different depending on whether or not you
         save Karyn.  I hope you enjoyed the game as much as I did.

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////



